Now let's say that I need to override my custom list.
So I created a custom nist previously where I sorted the regions in a non alphabetical
order there just sorted according to my liking according to accustom list I created.
So I've got America's in Europe and in Australia.
Now let's say I don't want them to be sorted this way.
I'm actually gonna copy my pivot table here,
Control,
see of the control V to paste it.
And basically,
let's say I want them to be sorted in an alphabetical order as usual.
So I'm going to right click here and then go to pivot table options.
And then I'm going to go to totals and filters.
And then I'm going to click on use custom.
This one sorting,
I'm gonna untech that I'm gonna uncheck that and then I'm gonna click.
OK,
so as you can see here on the second pivot table that we applied this change on because
here that the list on it has been sorted alphabetically as usual,
it's been sorted in ascending order alphabetically instead of in ascending order according
to the custom list.
This is how we can override a custom list